welcome to the unboxing and review of
the motorola xoom brought to you bythe
of course the human manual we're going
to just literally run you through the
box and the contents of the box and a
little bit about the zoom a lot so that
you probably already know because you've
already sent the headline specs for
already from all over the place so
literally as you slide back and slide
this cover off you are greeted by and
beautiful template 1 inch multi-touch
screen Motorola and zoom should as you
pull this out here one of the things
you'll notice is that there's not much
and literally on the front of the device
literally you have some type of screen
protector when she probably cause take
off and apply your own and you have a
front facing camera an ambient light
sensor is just here this front facing
camera is a 3 megapixel and then you
just actually have the motorola Lobo
name just on here and literally should
use you turn it over you have your dual
speakers which are just here which is a
always quite interesting you have a 5
megapixel camera you have your dual LED
flash and power button and the lock
screen key is actually on the back of it
and we're gonna see how we get along
with that being on the back because it
depends on how you hold it you might
find yourself pressing that and in terms
of you don't really want to
and this is a Wi-Fi version and this
particular does a Wi-Fi version but it
still has a sim card tray slot which is
just here and know a lot of people been
asking questions about what type of
scene comes to take text normal size SIM
card as you can see from the the
template that's inside there it says
here that place with sim card only after
4G updates there's some type of update
that you can do to get this working on a
cellular and network on the floor and a
mobile network so I'd be quite
interesting to see I'm at the top you
have your 3.5 millimeter jack so that
saw your headphone port and literally
isn't much hardware buttons that believe
these are your volume controls and on
the side here and then at the bottom of
the device you have your USB and micro
USB port your micro HDMI ports some type
of dock connector and interesting that
this is actually your charger pool Kuala
co-terminus is a 2.5 millimeter charging
port now you call into them that you
can't actually charge it by the micro
USB and and of course you've probably
seen the latest reports but you've been
able to play games and stuff like that
and use controllers and by the micro USB
port that would happen with 3.1 update
but it's quite interesting and so you
know we would much rather be able to
charge it by the mountaineers people to
be honest with you now it means that you
have to carry another cable with us on
the charger
I'm said before this is a 10.1 screen
wait a bit too bad i mean it's similar
to set grams and you can feel the weight
of it your hand you probably won't want
to hold it in your hand for very long
periods of time so it's probably worth
investing in some sort of stand or
something but you know whether we're
going to have lots of tutorials and
stuff on this so keep keep it locked and
keep checking it out how to dive further
into the box you're greeted by some type
of them quick stock either talk to you
about to force your tablets the OS I'm
as you know it's running on Android and
so it's the open source platform seems
to be pretty good you've got your staved
your safety requirement legal
information the usual gumpert sandbox
and this is your this is your charger
now you just take that out this is your
charger here this is more like a laptop
chargers is quite a chunky charger and
we have noted that a lot people report
it does return charge pretty quickly so
it's probably due to discharge from
being honest so that's the the charger
for so that's one part of it as you move
on here we are now coming into
base of charge port which does remember
much like a normal laptop this is your
actual charges might be very much about
the Nokia very thin wall charger for
everyone stick with micro USB s but I
guess in this case it's a bit different
so literally to plug into going to like
serve and the way you go though that's
that move that out the way and this of
course is your micro USB data cable so
yeah comes into computer and that plugs
into the motorola xoom to resuming allow
you to do things like drag and drop you
can go drop your film pictures and
movies in etc etc so um that's it
literally inside this box we're going to
be doing a lot more and tutorials and
how to you guys for this particular
device so I'm keep looking out for them
and we'll have them ready and available
for you very very very soon thank you
very much and I look forward to welcome
you on the other side